How some we made it to the CSA as part of the course.
If you're just joining us welcome to the course.
If you just interstate e-mail.
Welcome back.
As always I would like to keep slide videos short and concise.
So what in the world a CSX she says stands for cascading style sheets and in one short sentence answer.
CSX is used to make our web projects awesome and beautiful so you can say CSX is responsible for styling
the web while the mill was responsible for what elements will be displayed CSX takes care of how elements
are displayed meaning the layout and the look of the Element Y will come back to the syntax like gazillion
times in the course just to get our feet wet the general CSF syntax would be followed so we're gonna
have a selector so what element we would like.
Style a set of curly braces that start a declaration block and within the block we're gonna have a property
of the element we would like to change.
So let's say the font size of the element the color or the width just to name a few and value for that
property.
So for example for the color we would have to choose the color we would like to apply for that element.
We'll come back to it during the course but always always make sure you add semicolon between declarations.
Otherwise you're gonna get a syntax error.
Now that we know the theory about here says let's start using it.